1. Enter the number of hours it took you to complete the project between
   the <<< and >>> signs below (eg, <<<10>>>).

   <<<13>>>
   
2. Enter the difficulty level (1: very easy; 5: very difficult) of the project
   between the <<< and >>> signs below (eg, <<<3>>>).

   <<<3>>>

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate,
   CS110 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   ...                 ...              ...

4. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Day of the Week)
      Approach: I put m , d , y as command line argument. Used the given formula from the problem.
      Wrote dow to standard output by using the function stdio.writeln(dow).

      Issues and resolution: When I first ran the program, I received a warning at the following line:
      x0 = y0 + y0 // 4 - y0 // 100 + y0 // 400

      I had no idea what was wrong with my code. It said "expected type "int" got tuple"[int]" instead".
      I got stuck in this problem for about 1 hour.
      I went to the class course website to look at the slides from the " basic data types"
      but still couldn't figure out why was my code wrong.
      After playing around with the code by deleting and adding stuff,
      I finally figured out that there shouldn't be a comma at the end of the equations.
      I fixed the issue and the program was able to run

   Problem 2 (Mercator Projection)
      Approach: I set latitude and longitude as command line argument.
      Used the given formula while replacing sin with math.sin and math.log and converting to radians math.radians.
      Was able to write the values of x and y separated by a spca using the function stdio.writeln

      Issues and resolution: I had problems with converting the sin to radians.
      when I ran the program I did not get the expected output. I looked back at the code,
      it took me 30 min to realise that my parenthesis was wrong. When I fixed the problem my code ran perfectly.

   Problem 3 (Great Circle Distance)
      Approach: I set x1 x2 y1 y2 as command line argument.
      Used the given formula while replacing the stuff that was said in the directions.
      ran the code and got the expected output by using the function stdio.writeln

      Issues and resolution: When I first ran my code, I got the expected result,
       but when I wanted to check if my code meets the style requirement by using pycodestyle,
       it said that I had 110 character which was more than the requirement which is 100 characters.
       I tried shortening it by replacing math.radians in the formula and putting in the command line argument.
       This helped and my code ran as expected.
   Problem 4 (Wind Chill)
      Approach: Set t and v as command line argument.
       Used the formula given by replacing the stuff said in the direction.
       Ran the code using stdio.writeln

      Issues and resolution: when I ran my code I had a warning saying " statement seem to have no effect"
      on line w = 35.74 + 0.6215 * t + (0.4275 * t - 35.75) * v ** 0.16
      I knew that my problem was with the power of v. I went to the class slides and looked that ** means power.
      I changed my code and it worked.

   Problem 5 (Gravitational Force)
      Approach: Set m1 m2 r as command line argument. Used the given formula.
      the code worked perfectly while using stdio.writeln

      Issues and resolution: for me this was an easy problem since I knew exactly what to do.
      I did not face any problems with this. I was done in 10 minutes.

   Problem 6 (Snell's Law)
      Approach: set theta1 n1 n2 as command line argument. solved the formula given.
      Ran the code which worked fine

      Issues and resolution: At first I copied the formula from the problem.
      When I ran the code I received an error on the equation
      I had no idea what was wrong. So after reading the problem carefully again
      I realised That I should solve the formula first then type it in pycharm. I ran the code again and it worked

   Problem 7 (Gambler's Ruin)
      Approach: Set n1 n2 p as command line argument. Wrote the formula for the problem. Ran the code. It worked

      Issues and resolution: This was easy for me because it was the similar to problem 4.
      I had no issues and my code ran perfectly. It took me 5 min to finish it.

   Problem 8 (Waiting Time)
      Approach: Set A and t as command line argument. Ran the formula for the problem and my code worked.

      Issues and resolution: I also did not have any issue with this problem
       it was simple and straight to the point. I followed the directions and got the expected output.

   Problem 9 (Die Roll)
      Approach: Set n as command line argument. applied a formula for the problem. Ran my code and it worked.

      Issues and resolution: At first I was confused because there was no formula.
      I realised that I had to come up with my own formula for this problem.
      After reading and understanding the problem again I was able to come up with a formula
      even though it was tricky, and it took me 15 min to solve. I ran my code and it worked.

   Problem 10 (Three Sort)
      Approach: Set x y z as command line argument
      used function min and max given by the directions
      created a middle value formula. Ran my code and it worked.


      Issues and resolution: It took me a while to figure out the middle value formula.
      I started to think what the formula could possibly be. After 15 min of thinking I was able to solve the problem.
      I ran the code and got the suggested output.

5. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   I enjoyed every problem in this project because I was able to learn a lot from them.
   At first, I found the project to be difficult but after solving the exercises it became easy.
   I love being challenged and I would make sure that I find the solutions to every upcoming problems.
   I did the project all by myself without receiving help from anybody.
   I simply looked at the slides the professor gave us and was able to found the answers for the problems.
